Esteren Campaign - Planning

What type of campaign do you want to run?

Horror. Not wibbly, not kind of spookey, genuinely scary. Horrible... terrifying things that make ME want to crawl away and hide in a box. Nameless beasts the size of mountains crawling through thick fog. Explicit detail of the horror and screams that people feel in a world where there is a known terror that stalks the land and makes them fear to go outside alone. But they live on.

Style

Played deadpan. When you tell a story of horror act as the person you are speaking off. Fear... shaky voice, tears... keeping eye contact, or not depending on the character. Try and do it. Not usual style, but work it and see what happens. 

IMPORTANT: Players must try and keep play straight. The occassional fourth wall break... fine. But puns, character breaking... no. i.e. No fucking Meg. Game must be short (2/3 4-5 hours sessions). Players may shift, time is short and probably will lose interest. But... setting the shit out of these sessions. Important - lighting/music. Candle lit - food before hand in the right style may help (medieval French village setting may help for this).

Meals - Ratatouille, Pot au feu.

Setting

Rural areas predominantly - Cities provide a safety of numbers... not so horrifying.

Plot - Something close yet terrifying. Werewolf could be a part. Or mystical creatures in the mist. The wild hunt comes.... The Unseelie Court has risen and controls the call of the hunt. There is an objective bad in this case... can be terrifying but makes the players rather into bystanders rather than active players. Werewolf brings it too the town but a bit too classical. Creatures in the mist - drag off those that try and farm -- setting harvest time. They must harvest as stocks drop, but the mist falls and those that venture out risk disappearance. Call of why they're there? Children given to the spirits to bring good fortune and harvest. Have matured, risen and brought themselves home... know not what evil is but try to bring their parents back to them.